(SOUND FROM TELEVISION)
- JODIE: Nathan, I'm so tired.
Can we go now?
- NATHAN: Oh... Jeez...
Is that what time it is?
(CHUCKLES) I'm sorry
I was concentrating on my work.
I know you've had a long day.
Hey.
This morning, I bought you a book.
What do you say we get you tucked in
and I read it to you?
- JODIE: Yes, please.
- NATHAN: (CHUCKLES)
I must've left it in the other room.
Why don't you go in there and get it.
I'll finish up here.
And then we can go, okay?
- JODIE: Sure, I'm on it.
- NATHAN: (CHUCKLES)
- JODIE: So...
where did he leave that book?
Stop it, Aiden!
It's not funny!
Aiden?
Uh... you're doing that, Aiden?
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(SCREAMS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
- NATHAN: Ah ha... you found it.
Now we can get down to serious business
of bedtime stories.
Jodie?
Jodie, you okay?
You look pale.
- COLE: She looks dead tired
is how she looks.
Come on, Nathan.
Let's get her off to bed.
(PHONE RINGS)
Yes...
Yes, hold on. Nathan.
It's for you.
- NATHAN: Nathan Dawkins.
- COLE: Nathan?
- NATHAN: (HANGS UP)
- COLE: Nathan, what's up?
- NATHAN: My wife...
Laura, they were coming back
from my mother's.
Truck.
Drunk driver.
Wrong side of the road.
They're dead.
- COLE: Um...
Jodie, let's get you off to bed.
Nathan, stay right here.
I'll be right back.
Come on, Jodie.